# Sitar V2.0


Sitar is a framework for modeling and parallel simulation of synchronous discrete-event systems.\
It consists of a system description language and a lightweight, C++-based simulation kernel.  



## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
* Linux (tested on Ubuntu 18/20/22)
* Python3
* SCons
* gcc (version >=4.5)
* OpenMP 

### Installation
1. Download or clone this repository, enter the repository and run the installation script by typing `./install.py` in your terminal. This should generate an executable called `sitar_translator` inside the `translator/parser` folder.
   
3. Add the following lines to your `~/.bashrc` file to use the sitar commands outside the installation folder. Replace `<path>` with absolute path of the installation folder.
   ```
   #-------------------------
   export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=<path-to-sitar>/translator/antlr3Cruntime/build/lib:${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}
   export PATH=<path-to-sitar>/scripts:${PATH}
   #-------------------------
   ```
### Usage
- Refer to `/examples/README` for running examples.
- Type `sitar -h` at the terminal for command options.
- (Optional) for enabling syntax highlighting inside Vim editor for sitar language, refer to `vim/README`


### This folder contains

	INSTALL		: installation instructions
	install.py	: installation script
	documentation	: user manual and technical documentation
	examples	: examples of sitar descriptions
	core		: C++ code that forms the simulation kernel
	translator	: code and grammar for sitar language translator
	compiler	: scons script for generating a simulation executable 
			  from C++ code auto-generated by sitar
	scripts		: script that forms the "sitar" command at the terminal
	vim		: syntax highlighting support for vim editor

## License
Sitar is provided with an MIT-license. See `LICENSE` for more information.\
The sitar translator uses AntlrV3 (C-runtime).\
For the AntlrV3 licence, see `translator/antlr3Cruntime/libantlr3c-3.4/COPYING`

## Authors 
* Neha Karanjkar
* Madhav Desai 



